Loader renderer option (#725)
mdx-js/mdx: packages/loader/readme.md

}
```

The `prepend` option specifies a string that will be prepended to the generated source allowing for the use of any `createElement` implementation. By default, that string is:

```js
import React from 'react'
import { mdx } from '@mdx-js/react'
```

> One could use any other implementation. The example below wraps a generic JSX compatible function named `h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `prepend` option, one can swap out React for another implementation.  The example below wraps a generic JSX compatible function named `h`.
```

Author: Yep, sounds good.
